Set `uploaded_on` through Directus flag (#22885)
directus/directus: .changeset/neat-grapes-kick.md

---
'@directus/system-data': patch
---

> Fixed an issue that caused the uploaded_on time to beset in a different format than modified_on in SQlite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that caused the uploaded_on time to be set in a different format than modified_on in SQlite
```

> Fixed an issue that caused the uploaded_on time to beset in a different format than modified_on in SQlite

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that caused the uploaded_on time to beset in a different format than modified_on in SQLite
```
